.\" Emacs: -*- nroff -*-
.TH oshconfig 5 ""
.SH NAME
\fBoshconfig\fP - module configuration file for OpenSHMEM reference implementation
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB.../lib/modules/config\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
A file called "config" can be placed in the directory containing the
installed algorithms for collectives (prefix/lib/modules).  This file
has a simple
.LP
.RS
collective = implementation
.RE
.LP
syntax.
.LP
Comments begin with "#" and extend to end-of-line.
.LP
The "implementation" is one of the installed collectives, which are
named with the form
.LP
.RS
\fBcollective\fP-\fBimplementation\fP.so
.RE
.LP
e.g.
.LP
.RS
barrier-tree.so
.RE
.LP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables affect the behavior of OpenSHMEM
programs:
.RS
.IP "SHMEM_BROADCAST_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for broadcast (as above).
.IP "SHMEM_COLLECT_ALGORITHM, SHMEM_FCOLLECT_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for collects and fixed collects.
.IP "SHMEM_BARRIER_ALGORITHM, SHMEM_BARRIER_ALL_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for barrier and barrier_all.
.IP "SHMEM_SYMMETRIC_HEAP_SIZE" 4
Size of symmetric heap allocated on each PE.  Can use "K", "M", "G",
"T" modifiers.
.IP "SHMEM_LOG_LEVELS" 4
Events to trace during the OpenSHMEM program run.
.RE
.LP
The environment variables understood by the SGI implementation are
also honored:
.RS
.IP "SMA_DEBUG" 4
Set to any value, enables internal event tracing.
.IP "SMA_INFO" 4
Set to any value, traces informational events.
.IP "SMA_MALLOC_DEBUG" 4
Set to any value, traces symmetric-memory-related events.
.IP "SMA_VERSION" 4
Set to any value, displays the OpenSHMEM version.
.IP "SMA_SYMMETRIC_SIZE" 4
Size of symmetric heap, in bytes.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
# barriers use the tree algorithm
barrier-all = tree
barrier = tree
broadcast = bruck # try the Bruck shift algorithm
.fi
.SH FILES
\&.../prefix/lib/modules/config
.SH SEE ALSO
.RE
intro_shmem(3),
oshcc(1),
oshfort(1),
oshrun(1)
