.\" Emacs: -*- nroff -*-
.TH oshrun 1 ""
.SH NAME
\fBoshrun\fP - run an OpenSHMEM program
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBoshrun\fP
-np N
program
[program arguments]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBoshrun\fP runs an OpenSHMEM program on the given number of
processing elements.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-np N" 4
Run the program on N processing elements (processors).
.SH EXAMPLES
The command
.LP
.RS
$ oshrun -np 4 ./sping.x -e
.RE
.LP
runs the Quadrics ping-pong example code on 4 processing elements,
and passes the "-e" option to the OpenSHMEM program.
.SH CONFIGURATION
A file called "config" can be placed in the directory containing the
installed algorithms for collectives (prefix/lib/modules).  This file
has a simple
.LP
.RS
collective = implementation
.RE
.LP
syntax, with "#" introducing comments.  The "implementation" is one of
the installed collectives, which are named with the form
.LP
.RS
\fBcollective\fP-\fBimplementation\fP.so
.RE
.LP
e.g.
.LP
.RS
barrier-tree.so
.RE
.LP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables affect the behavior of OpenSHMEM
programs:
.IP "SHMEM_BROADCAST_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for broadcast (as above).
.IP "SHMEM_COLLECT_ALGORITHM, SHMEM_FCOLLECT_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for collects and fixed collects.
.IP "SHMEM_BARRIER_ALGORITHM, SHMEM_BARRIER_ALL_ALGORITHM" 4
Name of implementation for barrier and barrier_all.
.IP "SHMEM_SYMMETRIC_HEAP_SIZE" 4
Size of symmetric heap allocated on each PE.  Can use "K", "M", "G",
"T" modifiers.
.IP "SHMEM_LOG_LEVELS" 4
Events to trace during the OpenSHMEM program run.
.LP
The environment variables understood by the SGI implementation are
also honored:
.IP "SMA_DEBUG" 4
Set to any value, enables internal event tracing.
.IP "SMA_INFO" 4
Set to any value, traces informational events.
.IP "SMA_MALLOC_DEBUG" 4
Set to any value, traces symmetric-memory-related events.
.IP "SMA_VERSION" 4
Set to any value, displays the OpenSHMEM version.
.IP "SMA_SYMMETRIC_SIZE" 4
Size of symmetric heap, in bytes.
.SH SEE ALSO
intro_shmem(3),
oshcc(1),
oshfort(1)
